Ice Breaker - "I am Hoseock"

It was around 5 month ago, afternoon, I was working on the something, there was a popup notice on the right bottom of my monitor saying "you have got mail"

I saw the title and it said like "Software Certification Test result", I had deep breath, and opened it.

Failed,

you've got 98 points but failed to pass the professional level.

ah... but at that time I saw the hope because it was almost 100 points! and Maybe If I try couple of more times I could get it!

Ladies and Gentle man, May I introduce Hoseock, the advanced software engineer but not a professional yet. Yes, I am still trying it.

Today, I have 3 different version of hoseock and what I just said is the first version of me. 5 years ago, my boss called me through the messenger and suddenly he thanked me with nothing.
(he actually never did it before) and wished me luck for my future. 

That was the moment that I realized that ah... my life can be entirely changed with one person's finger snap like Thanos in Avengers. I was transferred from mobile division to Visual display division and I even moved from Gumi to Suwon. I didn't want any of it but I didn't have choice.

Since that time, together with this stupid SW test, I have some trauma, like worries about the future,  


2nd me is something positive, Basketball, since when do you think I am bigger than others around me?  yes, since I was born.

can anyone guess how much weight I was when I was 15 years old? I was quite heavy at that time, even heavier than now. 

yes, 106 kg, amazing isn't it? but exactly 2 years after that, I become 88 kg because I fell in love with basketball, ever since that time, I played basketball and the only differences between the time when I was teenager and now is ?

yes, at that time I played basketball to have good shape of body but now I need to work out in fitness center to play basketball.

but anyway it's been continuous motivation for me to work out until now and I love it.

last one, Story. It was about 4 years ago when I first saw him giving a public speech or lecture to Samsung employees. he was traveler who have been to North pole, he experienced something none of us can even imagine to experience. It was the moment that I realized that I should have good contents to become a good public speaker. so since that time, I wanted to write 2 articles per month and try something always new.

but you know what, last time I wrote an article was almost 3 month ago my life didn't change much in last couple of years.

Dear Toastmasters, My friends, I am barely advanced software engineer who is not a professional and failed more than 30 times of the sw certificate exam and because of the trauma that I got 5 years ago, I am always worried about the uncertainty of the future. You know, I realized many years ago that I wanted to have good story in my life, but still not able to find it

But there is reason I could smile here. because there are 2 things that keep me going. 

One is basketball which gives me the reason to control the weight and body shape for my health and the other is you

Dev and I conducted speechcraft last 4 weeks, and one of participants thanked me for doing it because he think we prepared quite much for them. But the funny thing is I didn't do it for them I did it for myself.

when I'm on stage, delivering a speech, giving a feedback or leading a session, try to do something for the club or members, they thank me, people appreciate what I did to them.  I got recognition. some of you even told me that you admire what I did for club.

Isn't it funny that person like me who failed more than 30 times for one Test and have anxiety issue can have so much recognition and appreciation like this? That's why it was for me. Because it gave me energy to move on not only for Toastmasters but in my life.

Iron man had ark reactor to have power punching the enemies, for me you are the energy source because you guys gives me confidence to do anything.

Yes I am Hoseock and I am Toastmaster. 

thanks 
  
 
