[Courage to say "Not Yet"] (https://hoseockchoi.wordpress.com/2019/08/23/courage-to-say-not-yet/)

Did you know that Indians never fail when they do ritual for rain? I mean, thousands and thousands years they have done so many ritual for rain when the weather was dry, but they never failed. 

Is't it strange? You may wonder whether it's true or not. Let me tell you the seceret.

They never failed because they never stop until it rains.

When I first heard about this story, I felt stupid, I mean, they never know when it rains actually, No scientific evidence what so ever but they do it because they simply needed it.

So if it does not rain in the morning, you just say, "Not yet, We have job to dy because it's not raining today yet, let's try one more time"

Change of the story, 

How was your youth when you were in teen? were you clever boy or girl? 

Some of you were considered as genius when you were teen. Maybe...

We also have genius in Korea. Anyone who saw the TV program called "Finding Genius" ?

if you can understand the Koreans, you may be surprised how smart they are.

Finding Genius is a program, talking about the very young children, age between 5 to 15 who are gifted for Art like painting, playing Piano and even Go, Judo, Language(English), Mathmetics. 

These youngsters are so amazing, I could never belive unless I saw how talented, these young fella.  They even win over the adult who majored in college for that subject sometimes.

By the way, is it only now that we have talented people around us ? no ... of course not, there has been always genius like them.

Coming to the reality.

Ok, I can see that there are many smart people, even around me. Then How about you? How about me? 

Hm, I was not the best in my school, actually not even in a class. In fact the only award that I got from entire school life was certification of attendance for 3 years.

Ah~ that's why my life has been tough, world is filled with clever people and I am surrounded by them, sometimes competing against them, cooperating with them and even persuade them when I need to.

Then, how can the person like me who is very much ordinary can succeed? Maybe, after all these people succeed first?

Or maybe I should try like Indian until I pass the test or until I can achieve something I badly need.

Surprisingly, expert said, YES. if you have power of passion and evergy to keep motivate yourself and move foward until you accomplish your goal, you may have more possibility to success.

Angela Lee Duckworth, author of a book "Grit : The power of passion and perseverance" is the expert on this matter and she said, when it comes to success, GRIT is more important than the IQ. 

Being Grit means, you are resilient and hardworking, that despite the big obstacle may face in your life, you can continue to achieve the long-term goals.

Simply put, you never give up just like Indians. and when people say "Failed", Have courage to respond to them "Not yet" because you haven't stoped it yet.

Closing, Let me close with qoute from very famous comic book named "Slam Dunk". Coach said to the player when time was running out and score was behind the other team. " Game is over when you give up"

So don't give up

Thanks
